docs(api.md): add info for .$x() methods (#6711)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/api.md

- `expression` <[string]> Expression to [evaluate](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/evaluate).
- returns: <[Promise]<[Array]<[ElementHandle]>>>

> The method evaluates the XPath expression relative to the page document as its context node. If there are no such elements, the method will resolve to an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method evaluates the XPath expression relative to the page document as its context node. If there are no such elements, the method resolves to an empty array.
```

- `expression` <[string]> Expression to [evaluate](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/evaluate).
- returns: <[Promise]<[Array]<[ElementHandle]>>>

> The method evaluates the XPath expression relative to the frame document as its context node. If there are no such elements, the method will resolve to an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method evaluates the XPath expression relative to the frame document as its context node. If there are no such elements, the method resolves to an empty array.
```

- `expression` <[string]> Expression to [evaluate](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/evaluate).
- returns: <[Promise]<[Array]<[ElementHandle]>>>

> The method evaluates the XPath expression relative to the `elementHandle` as its context node. If there are no such elements, the method will resolve to an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method evaluates the XPath expression relative to the `elementHandle` as its context node. If there are no such elements, the method resolves to an empty array.
```
